what is up everybody the ridge right
here the number one question I get from
jet players is how do i be a rocket if I
don't have flares yet well a guy by the
name of Ford has created a video that
answers that very question linked in the
description box check it out what is
going on guys forward here and are you
having trouble flying the jet in
battlefield 3 does it feel like you're
getting shot down as soon as you get in
the air well I'm going to give you some
tips and tricks on how to survive in the
jet and also how to help your team out
so let's begin if this is your first
time flying the jet your main objective
is to get 400 points as soon as you can
getting 400 points in the jet will mock
the flares the flavors are used to
distract the incoming rockets headed
your way when someone is trying to lock
on to you with the singer you will hear
this sound
and when they shoot the rocket at you
you will hear this sound
make sure you don't deploy your flares
until you hear the second sound since
this is your first time flying the jet
and you don't have any flares let me
show you some tricks on how to avoid the
Rockets without flares so the best way
to avoid a rocket is to never have a
shot at you when you hear the sound that
someone is trying to lock onto you the
best thing to do is to get out of sight
if they can't see you they can't lock
onto you so once you hear the sound that
someone is locking onto you see what's
in the area if there's a mountain nearby
try and get on the other side of it if
you're high up in the air try and get as
low as you can to the ground this should
cut off their sight of you and they
won't be able to lock on this tactic is
very useful against helicopters and
ground support if an enemy jet is trying
to lock on to you with Heatseekers your
best option is to go into a tight turn
alright so let's say you can't get out
of sight and you have an enemy rocket
headed your way what should you do well
I found if you bank hard left or right
the rocket won't be able to file and fly
right past you this maneuver will be
kind of tricky since you have to time it
right if you bank too soon the rocket
won't need to turn and hit you straight
on and if you bank too late the rocket
will still hit you so with a little
practice you should be able to avoid
most Rockets as soon as you hear the
sound I like counting to three then
making my turn to turn hard left right
move the left thumbstick in the
direction you want and press the left
trigger this will slow the aircraft down
making the jet go into a sharper turn
just note if you're really close to the
battlefield you might want to shorten
your account since the rocket has less
time to reach you again with practice
you will get it down if this maneuver
doesn't work and you get hit by the
rocket don't worry you will be able to
regenerate your jets health just make
sure you get out of the area and wait
till your health is back to a hundred
percent since you know how to dodge
rocket let's focus on getting you those
400 points if you're lucky enough to get
into the jet in the beginning of the
game the first thing you want to do is
take out the enemy's jet this will get
you a quick 250 points and you're well
on your way to the flares a good way to
locating the enemy jet quickly is to go
into third person mode to go into 3rd
person you click on the right thumbstick
so once the game begins going to third
person mode and head straight for the
battlefield the enemy's runway is
directly across your runway on the
opposite side of the map going head in
that direction your objective is to get
behind the enemy jet as soon as you can
most jet Flyers aren't expecting action
within the first ten seconds of the game
so use that to your advantage once you
locate the enemy's jet try and get on
his ass you want to stay in third person
until you're ready to shoot at them be
patient if the enemy jet is turning or
going into a steep dive stay in third
person mode and wait till you have a
straight shot of them to get out of
third person click on the right
thumbstick again once you engage in a
dogfight be careful the enemy jet will
do anything in his power not to die so
get ready for him to turn or try some
maneuvers to not lose sight of the jet
head back in the third person mode until
he opens up another opportunity for you
to shoot at him just note some dog
fights might last all game just stay
patient he will make a mistake sooner or
later also playing with some guys you
know won't hurt since they will be able
to try and shoot him down also just note
when you're shooting add another jet you
will have to lead them a little just
like you would a sniper shoot where they
are going to be and not where they are
unless they are flying sure so once you
destroy the enemy jet you still need 150
points to unlock the flares since the
enemy jet is down you have a couple of
options you can keep flying over the
enemy's runway waiting for the enemy jet
to spawn in you can go after any enemy
helicopters in the air or you can go
after the tanks and Humvees well since
you want to help your team as much as
possible I like going for the tanks and
Humvees if you're playing with a couple
of friends tell him to start marking any
tanks or Humvees they see if they don't
see any and you can't see any mark from
the air don't worry you can do it
yourself what you want to do is climb to
600 to 700 feet up in the air and be
kind of far from the battle to know how
high you are up in the air go into first
person mode and the bar on the right
will tell you your height the bar on the
left will tell you how fast you're going
once you reach your objective height
turn back into the battle and go into
first person mode if you're playing
conquest focus on the areas the enemies
has or is taking and start pressing the
select button if there is any
enemies in the area you will have marked
them once you have marked a tank start
shooting at them remember the laws of
gravity applies to guns in battlefield 3
so you might have to lead them a little
if you weren't able to destroy the tank
and flew past them just climb back up to
600 700 feet up in the air and turn
around and do it again remember keep
pressing the select button when you're
flying into the battle this tactic will
also mark ground support and if your
teammates kill someone you will get the
spot assist so that's it guys I hope you
liked it if you want to check out my
first ever jet tutorial where i show you
how to fly the jet there will be a link
in description or just come on over and
check my channel out if you have any
questions feel free to shoot me a
message I'll get it back to you as soon
as I can till next time later